Ah, goodbye, Dayong
Dayong
I will give you success.
I will give birth to your child
Throw me away
Marriage is a thing
How can you let Li Chunequinox sleep in the pigsty?
You say that's unfair
Oh, sisters-in-law, don't blame me.
It's my own old age that can't keep it
Care yeah
It's Chen Dayong who is in a mess this minute
Someone said you were angry
You said he, you come down for me.
Hahahaha
Don't steal the tower, hahaha.
Yes, grandma is fine
When I was pregnant
My mother-in-law asked me to fetch water
I stand there to upgrade
Hey, not my mother-in-law
He just hit me with a few sticks
No more calls
Why are you still beating pregnant women? Is your whole family still human?
What's that?
Don't tell me he can talk
Ah, Li Chunfang, what are you doing here?
Xiaoshan Xiangshan people are very nice.
When I gave birth to Xiaoli
I can't serve Dayong in bed
Xiangshan, I come to Ren Lao Ren every day, it's a long way
Every day in bed
Ah, our family Dayong, oops, you are so kind.
Ex-girlfriend, your wife is pregnant with a child
You're still out there messing with men and women
Are you still human?
Only my bride is really shameless